Let me eat this
Is there nothing else to eat?
Zhang Shuai, our military supplies are also in short supply
That's all that's left now.
There are still many brothers down there who have not eaten
It's already gnawing at the bark
What battle did you fight?
waste
Bunch of trash
What's that smell?
Where did that smell come from?
Zhang Shuai, someone seems to be cooking outside
It's like this.
Who is cooking?
Sir, no one is cooking?
Where did this smell come from?
Sir, the smell seems to be from the Qin family town
Brothers
I heard that everyone is tired of eating buns recently.
Today I will take the big guys to improve the food
Everyone just let go and eat
Yes, it's so good. I've never eaten it before.
Can you save some for tomorrow?
Don't worry about that.
The last thing I need is food
Finished eating today
Let's eat tomorrow
Eat until the war is over
Long live the teacher
Long live the Tianbao family